doc(pardot): dbt model README edit for Fivetran style (#1)
fivetran/dbt_pardot: README.md

### Additional metrics

> By default, this package aggregates and joins activity data onto the prospect model for email and visit events. If you want to have aggregates for other events in the `visitor_activity` table, use `prospect_metrics_activity_types` variable to see them. Use the `type_name` column value:

Author: ```suggestion
By default, this package aggregates and joins activity data onto the prospect model for email and visit events. If you want to have aggregates for other events in the `visitor_activity` table, use `prospect_metrics_activity_types` variable to generate these aggregates. Use the `type_name` column value:
```

Author: I wanted to make the edit above, but I wasn't sure if the user is generating aggregates or just viewing aggregates that already existed. Please let me know which edit is correct.

Reviewer: generating aggregates is accurate, thanks!
